we are about to build our Dream bedroom
right here we're going to spend the next
5 minutes shopping trying to find out
what makes the perfect bedroom and then
actually turn those elements into a room
perfectly optimized for Sleep let's just
type in smart bedside table some of this
stuff looks so n They just added LED
lights everywhere yeah it seems like all
of these smart bedside tables do two
things lighting which we don't need more
of and then charging but like really
slow outdated charging USB a what year
is this oh my God that's beautiful I
really like this this is perfectly boxy
it really fits with the design okay so
that's our base how do we make it
actually smart Okay so charging let's
get a three in one for our phone watch
and airpods so what else do we want in
this room cuz we want to keep this
minimal we want it to smell good breathe
good sleep good so we can literally get
the same send diffuser as the living
room there's actually a whole bunch of
tech that I've been wanting to get for a
while that I think could take this
bedroom to a whole new
[Music]
level I found something that I think is
perfect for Aon can't go to bed at night
without watching at least one episode of
something so he's like fiddling his
laptop on the little bedside table
before we go to sleep and I thought this
would be way easier so it's a bigger
screen you can roll it around you can
roll it next to you when you're watching
at Night Roll it with you to the
bathroom if you want to carry on
watching it worth a trying cool good
find let's focus on air quality then
yeah air quality is actually
specifically important to me a because
I've struggled a lot with sleep over the
years but also be because I have a ton
of allergies what is the absolute best
air purifier we can get the air chip
what it's the headboard that is chunky
so it's kind of showing how it
specifically targets the air cleaner to
the area around where you st we want the
entire room purified wait what it's a PL
box the top is a p and the bottom is the
air purifier that's pretty cool cuz in a
way it's like dual purification natural
and electric the plant pot definitely
looks better and is vastly more well
suited to the aesthetic of the room on
down I think this is really nice I think
the idea of a steamer is really handy I
think they clean they're simple so you
imagine just kind of hanging clothes up
and then using this to iron them also I
was thinking for the bathroom heater
toilet we took a trip to Japan every
toilet you sat on was heated and it was
amazing what's the most like Bonkers
toilet you could get I like the floating
aesthetic oh my God it's
$8,699 now offers personalized settings
that let you find tune every option what
what is it personalize it wow you are
joking state-ofthe-art High Fidelity
speakers is our toilet going to have
better speakers than our room holy I
have never in my life seen a toilet like
this before okay and the only thing left
is speakers we've already gone and seen
some at Meridian Audio and they're
actually going to get planted into the
ceiling including a subwoofer so we can
[Music]
have most comfortable mattress in the
world wait I slept on a $1 million
mattress wait this is the bed that Drake
uses not that I wait that as a
particularly strong celebrity
endorsement oh my God so the company's
called hastens I'm actually really
curious there's so many things where you
don't know what you're missing until
you've tried it and so I feel like we
should at least try it to know what
we're
missing so we did and we very quickly
realized upon visiting these hastens
people that this was not your normal bed
store literally you ask for the bed you
want you can literally pull a figure out
your head and say make it 4 M by 4 M and
they will do that wait wait just so 4x4
M is for two people and someone will get
a 4x4 me bed you don't ask questions no
everything is possible okay so with that
absurd image in my mind time to find out
what makes a bed worth well anything
more than about $1,000 really you have
horse hair pretty much in all the parts
but the top mattress is almost entirely
horse hair yeah horse hair and according
to them there are two key reasons for it
it's very springy it's like a ball of
Springs in all directions
smells quite nice yeah
H Double Di and she's a vegetarian but
also the we learned of a rather haunting
fact that the average adult releases 200
mL of sweat per night just sleeping and
so the ability to not hold onto that
moisture is equally as important it
doesn't really go into it right yeah if
you did that with human hair get
drenched yeah you'd be drenched time to
put it to the test starting with the
more entrylevel beds that are around 25
,000
wa oh it does that does hit different
okay so pretty normal looking bed I got
to say but the Comfort was no joke it's
like a cloud around your body it turns
out that the beds also come with a
bizarre complimentary service haston
says that for the first few years of
using their beds because it's all
natural materials inside designed for
airf flow that you have to keep it
fluffed up and they will send people to
your house to do said fluffing it will
most likely be us wow or someone from my
team that's crazy then something popped
into my mind for a long time we've been
using eight sleep for our bed it's like
a mattress cover combined with this pod
that sits on the floor and pumps
temperature controlled water through it
to cool you down to your ideal
temperature these guys are suggesting
that with a bed like this you don't need
that divorce ta hair does that for
you yeah that's my I'm not completely
convinced face if you put something on
top of that you sort of remove a bit of
that breedability function of the actual
bed a lot of that is actually already in
the bed at this point I think both of
our minds were worrying we didn't really
come here with the intention of getting
a haston bed and in a way everything
about the way that they think about
these things feels a little oldfashioned
like some of the designs of these beds
haven't been updated in 40 years but
then at the same time lying on them
moving in between our various sleeping
positions and feeling both cushioned by
these bed Toppers and then supported by
the horse hair mattresses below them it
was somehow starting to become a genuine
consideration and then we tested the
dream one of their higher end beds the
plushness of everything here is
ridiculous oh my
God this was like nothing we'd ever laid
down on and also it only really dawned
on us in this moment just how crazy it
was that because each bed is made to
order you can specify the exact
dimensions that you want to the
centimeter what was happening to us but
there's one more the Big Daddy the grand
vividus this is the bed that Drake uses
and this is literally it's the caviar of
beds and by caviar I mean the pH company
caviar who coats everything in Gold the
base alone is made with all sorts of
fancy materials including like Stingray
leather there's only 15 people in the
world authorized to make this bed and it
takes them 600 man hours to do so just
making one of these handles that you see
on the side takes around 2 days to make
and now it's
[Music]
time me no I'm
kidding that's very very very comfy I
preferred that one but this one is also
really nice it's not what I expected it
to be I expected like it's going to be
something that you just sink straight
into but actually that would make it not
a very good bed it's quite measured most
comfortable with the dreaming actually
wouldn't free wait what I grappled with
my inner demons and tested a lot of
other beds for the entire next week I
trust technology and so the fact that we
could genuinely spend a tenth of Hon's
money and get a great mattress plus the
eight sleep cover on top of that it felt
like the obvious default Choice the more
beds we tested the more that it started
to feel like 10% of the money can get
you to 90% of the bed experience but
then it's just how much do you value
that extra 10% and to me I think the
answer is actually a lot when it comes
to sleep so after much deliberation I
hit the order button on a 215x 215 CM
dream a bed and now it's all ready so
that's the main master bedroom but also
all the guest bedrooms unless start
there because I think these are
particularly cool because we decided
that there's three countries that mean
the most to us Japan our favorite
holiday destination ever turkey the
place we got married and then India
which is where our families originate
from so what we've done is we' themed
each one of these guest rooms after one
of them we've got matching trees plants
paintings even a Pikachu themed to the
room that you're in and we have had the
time of our lives finding just the right
soaps bath mats toothpaste and even I
kid you not toilet roll to really
immerse people in these themes also
every single bathroom has a scent
related to the region so just takes you
there I miss Japan and if you're curious
this is what the India bedroom looks
like we decided to embody the rich color
of the country and the bathroom is
themed after ayua which is an Indian
approach to well-being and then turkey
is all about that Mediterranean
freshness when the bathroom is themed
after the Turkish hanss which if you
haven't been to one yet I highly
recommend and then in terms of the tech
these guest bedrooms are obviously
simpler than the master bedroom but
there's still two cool things so one is
these Samsung frame TVs just like in our
living room if you haven't seen that
episode yet but smaller and to be honest
it's seeing them in the living room that
made me realize we wanted them here
because they complete the look of the
room with the art people can use them as
TVs with Simple Pleasures I really like
how easy the Samsung remote makes it to
get to the three streaming services that
we use the most and then also Samsung TV
plus whatever the hell that is
and then secondly you might remember
these smart switches from the house tour
well we have finally had time to figure
out what to do with them so broadly
speaking we decided that the best way to
not make this house really confusing is
for every switch to have the highest
button turn all lights in that room to
Max and then each button below that
makes things dimmer and dimmer but
because these are control four buttons
so they're linked to basically
everything that can turn on in the
entire house it means that well you can
swap out buttons so we swapped the
bottom for an up down switch that people
can use to control blinds so let's click
that now but it also means that you can
hide functionality so let's say that you
get woken up in the middle of the night
and you hear noises coming from
downstairs you can double press this top
button and it will turn on not just
every single light in this room but
every single light in the whole house
and it will start playing a siren from
every single speaker in the whole house
I won't do that now for obvious reasons
oh yeah and then the beds in every guest
room are using Simba hybrid Ultra
mattresses and I missed the cats so much
that I had to get a mattress named after
them they're on the FMA side but they're
very supportive which means that when
you pair them with a soft mattress
topper like this it's Bliss no one ever
wants to get out but then also bit of a
Russian nesting doll situation with
these beds so we specifically went for
ottoman Style beds because when even
more guests come over we just pull them
up and we can whip out three more double
beds and we actually did quite a lot of
testing before deciding that these
things are the gold standard when it
comes to air beds because they're from a
company called Lost Horizons and the
thing that is particularly cool about
them is they're a combination of air but
also really high density foam so they
are ridiculously comfortable for how
thin they are and also they self-inflate
when you want to use them and then when
you're done with them they come with
this air pump that just takes the air
back out again it makes it very easy all
right but obviously the guest bedrooms
are pretty simple compared to the master
bedroom that we use so let's do quick
reviews of the key items that I think
make this room special I'm going to give
you my honest thoughts having now used
this frankly ludicrous haston bed for a
bit of time and then I'm going to show
you what might well be the biggest
purchase mistake I have ever made in my
life it made me want to put my head
through a wall oh yeah just before we go
into there this is a control 4
touchscreen it's pretty much the control
center of the home and it works well but
I also can't help but feel like it looks
and functions like a smartphone
operating system from the year 2008
which is why we're using this app called
homie that sits as a layer above and is
a lot more intuitive ative and then this
is the roboo cevo slim it's a robot
vacuum with some pretty unique skills
and we've picked it mostly because it is
Slim enough such that it can fit under
every single one of the Beds which gives
us one less thing that we need to
maintain right let's dive in now if you
watched our empty house tour you'll know
that the single objective while putting
this room together was just how do we
get the best sleep humanly possible it
is amazing how much good sleep can
change your life and there's two key
ways that we focused on achieving that
the indirect effect which is just making
the space as decluttered and automatic
as possible to make it feel like all we
need to do when we come into this room
is to rest and then the direct effect
which is finding products that are
physically helping us to sleep better so
let's start with one of the biggest ways
to declutter well your entire life
really a charging station setting all of
this up cost me about $30 and 3 hours
like this is just a simple cable
organizer box from Amazon which is where
all our sockets are and then this is
just cable trunking which makes sure
that the cables are only visible when
they absolutely need to be and I cannot
recommend more if you have lots of
gadgets like this to try and set up one
of these because it means we
automatically know where every product
is all the time it means that you can
barely see any cables it means that
every single product we know is
automatically always charged this does a
lot for that feeling of peace that you
particularly want in a bedroom and it
looks a lot better than the alternative
as for the gadgets themselves let's do a
rapid fire review so the therace is
basically just a less powerful body
massager but with a whole load of
attachments that make it more suited to
your face it's expensive for what it is
but this thing is so effective at
getting rid of headaches and specific
migraines it makes you feel good while
making you feel like you're doing good 9
out of 10 this helmet that looks like
it's from the year 2200 is the wayon
imic it actually came with the massage
chair that we got for the living room
and this is basically the hardcore
version of that I'm one of those people
where when I get a massage I want to
feel like there's someone snapping me in
half and this does that it's very firm
I'd give these an eight the pyo 2 is
like for any item of clothing that's a
little bit fuzzy or just one that gets
dusty quickly you just swipe this over
and it's got six tiny little razor
blades inside of it that trim it without
cutting it seven out of 10 we're always
glad we have this when we suddenly
realize that we need it oh yeah I love
this toothbrush it's right on that upper
limit of feeling like it has enough
power that it's really thoroughly
cleaning you but just not so much that
it feels like you've just erased your
enamel not to mention wireless charging
on the brush itself and USBC charging on
the case which is always a big tip 8 out
of 10 I also always use a water flosser
just before brushing it's just a really
fast way of getting rid of those Rogue
food particles that would otherwise get
stuck or a refreshing pre-bed beverage I
think these are really slept on pun not
intended 9 out of 10 oh yeah you like
this while I long for the day where
every single battery of every single
Gadget is fully rechargeable for the
gadgets that aren't we have finally got
our battery act together so this is a
battery organizer you can get them for
like $20 on Amazon and this is not just
Soul fulfilling satisfying but it's also
really useful because you know for sure
that you have every battery and then you
have a really clear at a glance way of
seeing if you don't now also in the vein
of slightly OCD things that put my mind
at ease while making this bedroom video
we have pretty much fallen in love with
a site called Joseph Joseph it's just
this unending stream of products that
you see and you're just like why didn't
I think of that so for example we went
through a few different hangers until
eventually decided that the ones from
Joseph Joseph are just perfect they keep
both parts of your outfit together in a
way that you can also just take off and
wear one and then these rail spaces up
here are something that I never even
thought about before I saw them but tell
me it wasn't worth it by making sure
that every single item of clothing is
exactly the same distance apart without
you needing to get your roller out each
time you put something away makes it so
easy to keep the cabinets clean oh and
also they come in two sizes so we got
the regular size spaces for the more
casual clothes and then if we come to
the end over here this is the formal
cabinet where we have the large size
spaces which as you can tell I am making
the most of the other thing that I
really like here is this steamer so this
is from the same company who made the
pyo in the other cabinet and it's not
quite enough to get your clothes to the
100% you know when you want your shirt
to look so crisp that it could cut
someone but it does iron clothes to the
95% Mark with about 20% of the effort
because all I need to do is to power it
on and then brush it down the clothes
while they're still on their hangers oh
and then for all the products that we
use regularly I decided it just makes
sense to go out once and buy them in
bulk and just make a little Top-Up
station kind of like a survival shelter
but you know for silky smooth skin okay
so that's all my pedantic storage stuff
now for the things we actually keep out
so very quickly this is disa's dressing
table so there's all her makeup in here
this is also using Joseph Joseph
organizers and then my plan for this
draw is to have all of her hair dryers
and straighteners but in a way so that
it's wired into the mains all the time
by drilling a hole in the back of this
and roting the cable down here but
that's just me and then this is the air
purifier that we've ended up with we
went on a bit of a loop with this one as
you saw we bought these plant pot ones
initially from a company called Dupre
and they were cool in concept but they
just felt cheap and not very good at
either being a plant pot or an air
filter then we got this one from a
company called molecule way Slicker
really powerful and also beautiful it
just fit the room perfectly but it just
kept waking us up at night even when we
specifically put it onto its quiet
setting it would just randomly decide at
3:00 a.m. that turning up its suction to
11: to ingest one Rogue dust particle
was more important than our sleep and so
we ended up landing on the big plus
quiet filter by Dyson which when I first
saw it I was like that's a stupid name
for a product then you use it and you
realize oh it's big and it's
quiet so in terms of blinds we've got
the same luxaflex company making them as
we do in the living room downstairs but
in all the bedrooms we've got ones
fitted with an extra layer of fabric
that makes them blackout blinds to
completely kill the light and also cut
down on a further 20% of outside noise
and I would say I love the way these
work you can control them on your phone
they practically disappear when they're
away and they look really clean when
they're down the only annoying thing is
you need these little hubs so that they
can be communicated with and the bigger
your house the more hubs you need so we
had to get and hide a total of nine of
these in our various different rooms
which is a little bit of a pain and now
just for my infuriating mistake let's
talk about the bed area so we went for
two snake plants one on each side I love
these things I think they look spicy and
yeah you'd need a lot of them to
significantly change the air quality in
a room but they do make a difference and
I think even just psychologically
feeling like you have that extra bit of
freshness and oxygen from a real plant
is good for you you might have noticed
that the bedside tables have changed
since the ones that you originally saw
us by we had to go through like four
different sets of them because some of
them had drawers that didn't close
nicely some of them weren't tall enough
to properly cover the sockets in the
room until eventually we found these
ones from Andrew Martin that are far
more expensive than what we wanted to
spend on bedside tables but they take
every box anyway the most important
thing is what is on them so you'll
notice on mine we have ended up with an
iPad here and this is another one of
those things that have taken multiple
attempts to get right cuz if you
remember for a long time I used to bring
my laptop into the bedroom to watch some
sort of American sitcom just before bed
they knock me straight out then brisha
had this idea of the LG standby me this
rollable TV which we bought we tested
and in a way it was amazing I was used
to a 14in screen suddenly having 27 was
crazy but it actually wasn't ideal for
two reasons one that the larger your
screen the further back you have to put
it and then the further back you have to
put it the louder it's got to be which
actually doesn't really work because I'm
at the lowest risk of disturbing drisha
if I actually have a quieter speaker
that's just closer to me but then the
even bigger issue was minimum brightness
the TVs just wasn't low enough whereas
on this iPad Pro you can go extremely
low and also on top of that to use night
shift mode to further reduce the amount
of blue light and so yes it is a bit
excessive to have an iPad that just sits
here when I already own a Macbook that
largely does the same thing but I just
decided that this is important to me
because it means that I can leave my
laptop and therefore my work downstairs
before coming to the bedroom and this
iPad isn't even logged into anything
apart from relaxing stuff so it helps me
to associate this room with switch off
now this charger is another one of those
awesome situations where we'd already
decided that we loved ESR before the
company reached out and asked to sponsor
this video and the reason we picked
these is pretty simple we originally
bought Amazon Echo for each bedroom
because we thought yeah it'd be really
nice for people to have a clock but it's
only after buying those that we
remembered the iPhone standby mode is
basically the same thing but is better
so what we're actually looking for is
just a really good charger that can hold
people's iPhone sideways while charging
to activate this mode and this is that
while being the fastest iPhone ch2 mag
safe charging it vishes around 30
minutes faster than other chargers
because of something called cryoboost
every phone has a safety mechanism built
in such that when they get hot they
reduce their rate of charging but that
isn't so much of an issue when your
charger is also the thing that calls
your phone especially if you're watching
videos or FaceTiming while charging and
then to top the whole thing off it's
charging my watch at the back and now
it's charging my airpods at the front
and it can charge the watch faster than
other non-apple certified Brands while
being quite a bit cheaper than official
Apple stuff link below for more so
that's my side of the
bed what about the bed okay I'm going to
level with you I think we might have
made a mistake here and this isn't even
our biggest mistake and don't get me
wrong I'm not saying this is not a
glorious sleeping experience and the
fact that the thing is 215 by 215 means
you could practically sleep four people
here the thing is though after ordering
this I just recently set up all of my
family back home with the newest eight
sleep bed covers and I was looking at
the feature set of these things thinking
damn this doesn't do any of that I mean
as well as the normal ability to adjust
temperature it can now even like lift
your mattress up and down to stop you
snoring in the night without waking the
other person up but you can't get eight
sleep for a bed like this and so it's
left me in this position where I think
this is the absolute Pinnacle of beds
without technology but it feels like
there is also a ceiling for how good a
bed can be without that technology so to
put it another way I'm very happy and
very grateful that we've been able to
get this bed but at the same time if if
I were to do it again from scratch I
would probably get one of the Simba
hybrid Ultra mattresses that we have in
the other rooms stick an eight sleep
cover on top spend a fraction of what we
have on this and sleep just as well if
not better there's speakers in the
ceilings there's airon right above here
and we use that to set this room to 18
C you sleep better if the room is cool
you don't sleep at all if the room is
cold so that's where we settled and then
on drisha side this is the new 12th gen
Kindle paper white I don't know how
we've had 12 generations of this thing
but this this is actually really nice
because it wirelessly charges on this
stand here the screen is much more
responsive than Kindles from the early
days and the benefit of this is that she
can read at night without casting any
light towards me while I'm trying to
sleep plus we've also set it to
automatically reduce the amount of blue
light for when she's reading at night
which again keeps sleep intact and then
this is the same ritual scent diffuser
that we got in the living room
downstairs so that is the Sleep area
there's no rugs because in our
experience they just trap allergens and
there's no desks because well was
specifically trying to keep work out oh
yeah this so from the beginning I knew
that I wanted to have a really big bold
colorful art piece here but every single
one I could find was either literally
more expensive than this bed or just
terrible like I hated it so yesterday I
decided to go to a craft store buy a
load of spray paints and just literally
just make this myself I call it think
very
different I'll let you stew on that one
and then this is the xiaomi NightLight
from that crazy xiaomi gadgets video
video I just loved it so much that I've
actually set one up in every bedroom
right you ready to see my big blunder
now okay in the bathroom oh by the way I
thought this was really cool if you've
ever played a Pokmon game you will know
that you have six Pokmon in your party
this is six bath bombs and inside each
bath bomb is a Pokmon so over time
we'll learn who our party is so the
issue has been the numi toilet that you
saw us buy it wasn't available in the UK
so we ordered it from the US and it
arrived it's just that when it arrived
we realized that because it's a US
toilet the water supply pipe connects
down through the floor whereas here in
the UK it's more typical to have it
coming out into the wall and in this
particular situation there was no way of
retrofitting it so we basically had to
take one giant L and buy a completely
different toilet I spent
$10,000 on that one on the bright side
the one that we ended up getting the
jebber Aqua Clean mirror is actually
also amazing it's got a nightlight and
motion sensor baked in so you literally
walk up to the toilet it turns on this
soft light and the lid opens there's the
fact that the second you sit down a
deodorizer starts which I assume a lot
of people will also like because it
masks the noise the seat starts heating
up there's a full magnetic remote
control there's a customizable biday
this is so cool the flush creates a
Whirlpool on the inside for maximum
cleaning efficacy so it all worked out
in the end I I can't actually believe
that we get to stay here so next weekend
is the kitchen video and for
now good night